it once was a young and foolish dragon
who came to ask a wise and cunning lion
that acquire his territory
well I am he wasn't interested so he
told the little dragon the dragon be
persisted oh goody he started a war go
to the lion took a little dragon for a
walk and put five bullet in his little
dragon head he's moving up now isn't it
there's a message in there maybe you can
explain it to me
the young succeed the old enjoy the show
it's gonna get messy
I forgot to wash my hands
rule in this jungle when the Lions
hungry eat
his name is faux hawk was spelled with a
pH so it sounds like for hug please
Condor faux hawk bills
[Music]